# Terms of Service

Welcome to Slender Fortress Modified. These are the terms and service for use of the gamemode which you may use in many differnt ways, including but not limited to content creation, server hosting, and beta testing. By hosting Slender Fortress Modified, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not use Slender Fortress Modified.

## 1. Server Hosting

Slender Fortress Modified is a Sourcemod plugin offered by Mentrillum for free. If you plan to only use the gamemode for a private server that no one else can join, you can skip this section of the Terms of Service. You may host a server publicly for full or part time and have any compatible plugin you'd like to add to your server. You may not host your server publicly or promote it in any way which includes announcements and video showcases if one of these conditions are met.

### A. Stolen Content

Any bosses found on the Github wiki that have not been taken down are allowed to be used without permission from the original creators (Exceptions being the Yakuza 0 bosses created by Astolfo Alter where no one is allowed to use them period). Obtaining any boss after a download is terminated for public download will depend if the original creator wants that content on your server still and if no other outside variables determine that decision. Any maps found on the Github wiki follow the same rules as the bosses. If you specifically want to add a certain boss or map that is not found on any public source or the Github page, you have to talk to the creator of the content about that. Failing to do so and making recreations without reextracting the boss assets, not remaking a map from the ground up, or outright copying and pasting a map results in your server having stolen content. Removing the stolen content will no longer violate this rule. Consider this your warning.

### B. Explicit Content

Any content found in your server that contains Not Safe For Work (NSFW) elements or is prone to violate server rules specifically against NSFW content is prohibited to add and keep. Slender Fortress' main audience consists of users under the age of 18. Showing off the content in video form will result in you having to take that video down, not privating the video or unlisting it, but deleting it. Very few exceptions can be made where you can put age restrictions on your videos. Any other content that is prone to violate any server rules outside of your server such as explicit slurs, enforcing political and religious beliefs, fetishes, signs of sexual elements, nudity or revealing elements, discrimination, and propaganda are prohibited. We allow bosses like The Twins if any of these elements are censored out enough.

### C. Server Handling

Hosing a server and promoting it with the sole purpose of luring children in to show any explicit content, trying to enforce beliefs on users with specific content, or traumetizing children is prohibited. This includes failing to enforce your server rules properly, exposing the alformentioned factors publicly, creating content to specifically enforce beliefs, or not creating any server rule that stops any of the alformentioned factors from happening. We do not take this part lightly, consider fixing your server if this rule is violated.

## 2. Content Creation

Creating any form of content follows the same rules as hosting a server with extra considerations to take into account. If you do not plan to show the content off to anyone which includes servers even after the content is fully finished, you may skip this part of the Terms of Service. You may release any content publicly or privately. By allowing any server to take your boss that is public, you also agree to let server owners or developers edit your boss without your permission or consent, but they are not allowed to release the edited version unless they get permission from you as the original creator unless they reextract and reimport assets to make it different from your version.

### A. Remakes

You are allowed to remake a boss if you specifically do not copy and paste the original boss and recreate the config as perfectly as possible if the boss is considered a private boss, this includes leaking private configs. It is also required to reextract and reimport assets if you can show that you did more than the original boss creator (EG adding new animations, changing the model's texture to be more appropriate with the original source, remaking a model by hand), it is also required you do more than just one of the example tasks allowing others to see that you did more than just copy and paste assets. Currently its debatable if you are unable to add something new to the boss if the original version added everything that you can't add, its best to ask the original porter and creator if you can remake the boss if this is the case. Remaking maps is allowed as long as you do not copy and paste a lot of map elements that impact the map heavily (EG the layout), designs and decorations are not considered as long as you are free to use the assets you want (EG assets found in TF2, HL2, etc). If you specifically want to make a new unofficial version of the map, it is best you talk with the map creator to negociate how both of you want to go about doing this. If the creator is impossible to reach in both creating areas, do your best to show that your unofficial version is unofficial. Restorations of long lost maps and bosses are allowed (EG Clocktower Office, Jaraxxus, Flame Atronach).

### B. Content Submissions

You may skip this part of the Terms of Service if you don't plan to submit any content to be displayed on the Github page for everyone to easily find and download or to any officially supported servers. Submitting any content to Mentrillum where it can be added on the Github wiki means you agree to follow the content creating guidelines before submitting your content. Any small detail that may hint at any of these violations will result in a request for removing that small detail. Failing to do so will not get your content added on the Github. If these details are noticed months after the content was added, it will be taken down immediately after the discovery and will only be readded if you remove those details. Content will also be reviewed based on the quality of the boss, we do not want carbon copy bosses sitting on the Github page. This does not mean your boss or map has to be balanced out perfectly. The same logic will apply to submitting content to servers that are officially supported (Disc-FF and District Zen).

## 3. Experimental Builds

A [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/Mentrillum) exists where it contains all experimental builds that have not yet been released to the general public. You are allowed to host these builds publicly on your server. You are not allowed to distribute these builds to other people unless they to donated to the Patreon with proof. You are free to distribute the experimental builds of a specific version when the final release of that version comes out (EG 1.7.5 experimental builds).

## 4. Consequences

After you are caught violating any of these rules, you will be approached by one of the higher ups at the SF2M team and will be requested to take action to fix any of these violations which may or may not include deleting parts or all of a certain piece of content, adjusting your server rules, deleting parts or a whole video, etc. Going forth with these requests and proving you put in effort to fix these violations without question will not make anything major happen depending on if these violations were intentional or unintentional. Intentionally violating these terms and fixing the violations will result in a warning meaning you can still create content and host a server. Depending on if you just create content for servers or host a server and make videos about it, the second warning will be different. For just creating and submitting content boss or map related, you will be given a second warning if these violations intentionally happened which most of the time is the case. The third warning for creating and submitting content boss or map related or the second warning for hosting a server and making videos on that server will depend on which of the following actions you do. Creating and submitting content will result in a blacklist that every server owner can see which they can quickly make the choice to either avoid your content or carelessly add it either way, the blacklist will have an associated reason as to why this blacklist happened. Getting a second warning for hosting a server or making videos about a server showing content that violates these terms will also result in a blacklist but for average players. Neglecting to fix these actions in any way which includes ignoring any team member's request, being defiant about these requests, never responding to these team members, or continuing to violate these already violated terms to a greater degree will result in a immediate blacklist.

## 5. Appeals

If you are already blacklisted in any way but you believe you have changed enough to where you don't violate these terms anymore, you can negociate with Mentrillum proving these terms are no longer violated and you show you will not violate these terms any longer. These appeals can only be given after a one month grace period since the blacklist addition. If these appeals are accepted, your blacklist will be removed and you'll be back to square one in terms of the warning system. Rejected appeals typically mean either you haven't changed or you aren't trusted enough to create content, host a server, or make videos about both that may violate the terms, if this is the case you'll have to wait for an undetermined long period of time. Checking back in on if an appeal can be accepted in an annoying way will lessen the likelihood of the current and following appeals to be accepted.
